add email settings (#1966)
minvws/nl-kat-coordination: docs/source/technical_design/environment_settings/rocky.md

- [.env-dist](https://github.com/minvws/nl-kat-coordination/blob/main/.env-dist)
- [Django docs about settings](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/4.2/topics/settings/)
- [Django complete settings reference](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/4.2/ref/settings/)

> ## Email forwarding

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Email Forwarding
```

> [rocky/rocky/settings.py](https://github.com/minvws/nl-kat-coordination/blob/main/rocky/rocky/settings.py#L102-L122) allows you to set the email settings for your OpenKAT install. Errors will be written to Rockys email logs as specified in the ENV file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In [rocky/rocky/settings.py](https://github.com/minvws/nl-kat-coordination/blob/main/rocky/rocky/settings.py#L102-L122) you have the ability to define email settings for your OpenKAT installation. Most settings are by default resolved from the environment variables. Any errors will be written to Rocky's email logs as configured in the settings file.
```

> 
> ## Email Forwarding
> 
> In [rocky/rocky/settings.py](https://github.com/minvws/nl-kat-coordination/blob/main/rocky/rocky/settings.py#L102-L122) you have the ability to define email settings for your OpenKAT installation. Most settings are by default resolved from the environment variables. Any errors will be written to Rocky's email logs as configured in the settings file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Email Settings

Using the environment variables as defined in [rocky/rocky/settings.py](https://github.com/minvws/nl-kat-coordination/blob/main/rocky/rocky/settings.py#L102-L122) you have the ability to define email settings for your OpenKAT installation. These are the Django email settings, see the [django documentation](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/4.2/topics/email/#smtp-backend) for more information.
```
